lounge it's going whatever
hey everyone time for dinner
this is one day of missions and our day
a sentry duty and another day of
missions later what you deny us of food
what is wrong with you man these Pokemon
us savages goodness it's just like you
cannot let them go without their food or
they're gonna like rampage in lion-o
expedition tomorrow that's not it anyway
because it's I've electricity and with
electricity I can film and I know that
means nothing to you but I just shoveled
like two feet of snow and by the way my
back really hurts and at this filming
position this is not very good for my
back after I just shoveled two feet of
snow huh we were hit with a blizzard it
was bad no I just go to bed I did
fast-breaking work today I don't want to
hear it
oh I have every or threat I don't know
what that might get things is thinking
even though that Mudkip is supposed to
be made
the moon is shining brightly there it is
another time yeah
this is the second one
dream what time yes remain I must have
them ah
next morning the hope kidding it's
morning
no you're waking us up in the middle of
the night
yay smells good for not mouths this
isn't gonna be good
yeah the memo the sacred memo or memo
yes I have no idea why this something so
random
what is it so nervous I am I the only
one who doesn't care here maybe it's
because I'm not supposed to go lounge
it's going whatever stupid wild mouth
hey hey hey it's Corphish what big feet
I can't even say it
how what madness torille is coming -
then we're all gonna die I just got
picked for an expedition ha ha ha frog
revealed and effect nah I shouldn't try
to imitate his laughs because an that
makes me
hmm um yeah is that everyone
wait let me count one for 23
yep that definitely equals 666 Oh is
that evil yep Wigglytuff
there are criminals crawling over this
world
I mean crime rates are high on the
planet Earth but in this Pokemon world
there are 50 criminals within 1 dungeon
you are not making a smart move here
just a fact that Diglett let's scum tank
and visit guild alone proves it just
proves that this place is not safe we
protected it I'll never understand this
that's wonderful
yay group huddle what's the point of
this I want to get ready I have to pack
my bags unfortunately that includes
nothing in
world